feat: add backend section to /references; add overview, user object, and organization object content to backend section (#172)
clerkinc/clerk-docs: docs/references/backend/overview.mdx

---
title: Clerk Backend SDK

> description: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: The Clerk Backend SDK exposes Clerk's backend API resources and low-level authentication utilities for JavaScript environments.
```

---

# Accessing the API

> The Clerk Next.js and Node.js SDK's mirror the [Backend API](https://github.com/clerkinc/javascript/tree/main/packages/backend/src/api/endpoints). Provided is a list of the available Clerk instance methods.
> 
> <Callout>
>   The backend API is accessible through the `clerkClient` object if you are using Next.js, or the `clerk` object if you are using Node.js.
> </Callout>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Clerk Backend SDK](https://github.com/clerkinc/javascript/tree/main/packages/backend) exposes Clerk's backend API resources and low-level authentication utilities for JavaScript environments. While the backend SDK is mainly used as a building block for Clerk's higher-level SDKs, it can also be used on its own for advanced flows and custom integrations.

<Callout type="info">
Clerk's Next.js and Node SDKs expose an instance of the Clerk Backend SDK for use in server environments. The Backend SDK is accessible via the `clerkClient` object if you are using Next.js, and the `clerk` object if you are using Node.
</Callout>
```

## User operations

> User operations are exposed by the users sub-api `(clerkClient.users)`. The following methods are available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User operations are exposed under `clerkClient.users`. The following methods are available:
```

### Get

- [`getUserList()`](/docs/references/backend/user/get-user-list)
- [`getUser()`](/docs/references/backend/user/get-user)
- [`getCount()`](/docs/references/backend/user/get-count)

### Create

- [`createUser()`](/docs/references/backend/user/create-user)

### Update

- [`updateUser()`](/docs/references/backend/user/update-user)

### Delete

- [`deleteUser()`](/docs/references/backend/user/delete-user)

## Organization operations

> Organization operations are exposed by the organizations sub-api `(clerkClient.organization)`. The following methods are available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Organization operations are exposed under `clerkClient.organizations`. The following methods are available:
```
